Jane Doe's mother had a name,
which I can't reveal.
She had hopes
which can never be realized.
She had love
which has never returned.
And she had kindness
which was never given back to her.
Two weeks after that interview
Jane Doe's mother died of an overdose.
We can only hope for two things:
One, that she's reunited
with her baby daughter;
And two, that her death
was not totally in vain.
That can only be accomplished
if we realize
that the only difference
between Jane Doe and us
is the accident of where
we were born.
We had no control over it.
Therefore we are no better
nor more deserving than anyone else.
I'm CJ Nicholas.
Good night.
And after you saw the man with
the knife, what did you do?
Oh, I didn't have time to do anything.
Oliver just...
- Excuse me. Oliver?
- My dog.
He's a Jack Russell terrier
just like the one from "Frasier."
They don't know they're small.
They are absolutely fearless.
It's amazing really.
Mr. Tarlow, what happened after
you saw the man with the knife?
Oliver just ran up and bit him.
- Where?
- On the calf of his left leg.
And Jack Russells
have very sharp teeth.
There were four stab wounds.
One severed the left carotid artery.
Another just beneath the sternum
punctured the aorta.
The remaining two
punctured the abdomen
and opened the small intestines.
Dr. Romans, I'd like you
to take a look at this knife
previously entered
as People's Exhibit C.
This was taken from
the defendant's apartment.
Could that be the murder weapon?
Yes, the blade's length and width
are the same as the stab wound.
And when you examined this knife
did you find any traces of blood on it?
No, it had recently been cleaned
with a strong industrial-strength
cleaning solution.
And deformities on the handle indicate
that it had been boiled.
Plus striations on the blade indicate
the blade had
recently been reground.
I have no more questions.
Thank you, Dr. Romans.
- Your witness.
- So just to be clear,
what you're saying
is you don't know
if this is the actual
murder weapon or not.
No.
Thank you.
No further questions.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The dog bite on Mr. Nicholas's left calf
was consistent with a dog bite
from a dog of that size and breed.
Now you found a shoeprint at the scene.
What kind of shoe was that?
They belonged to a Montalvo sneaker.
Similar to the shoes
owned by the defendant
marked for evidence
as People's Exhibit D?
Yes.
Now is that a popular brand sneaker?
No, they're extremely rare.
In fact, there isn't a single store
in Shreveport that carries them.
And did you compare the defendant's
sneaker with the print at the scene?
Yes. They were a match
for both size and weight.
Now the mask,
the ski mask
that was found
at the defendant's apartment
marked as People's Exhibit E.
What can you tell me about this?
We found pepper spray
around the eyeholes
on the outside.
Someone had sprayed it.
It was consistent with the pepper
spray belonging to the victim.
Thank you.
I have no more questions, Your Honor.
Now you can't actually tell us
that the bite on my client's calf
- came from Mr. Tarlow's dog?
- No.
So it could have come from any dog
of similar size and breed,
- like the one owned by my client in fact?
- Yes, that's right.
The crime scene photos show
that there was considerable blood
spatter caused by the attack.
- Is that correct?
- Yes.
And yet when you examined
the defendant's clothing,
entered into evidence
as People's Exhibit E,
you found no traces of blood at all.
No, but the client had time...
Just a yes or no will be sufficient.
So in fact, would it be fair to say
that there is no direct
forensic evidence whatsoever
connecting my client to this crime?
Yes.
No further questions.
So sorry.
Yeah?
You'll excuse me for one minute.
- Sorry, honey.
- It's okay.
This better be good.
So what the hell kind
of emergency is this?
- We checked Nicholas's financials again.
- Yeah.
He bought a video camera at Wright's
Audio two days after the murder.
There's a point to this, right?
He also bought a black Reebok
jogging suit and a ski mask
at the sporting goods store.
He bought a dog
at the animal shelter.
All this within a day of buying
the video camera.
Something doesn't smell right.
So when he went on this shopping spree,
was he alone?
People at the sporting goods
store can't remember.
Salesclerk at Wright's Audio said he
might have been with someone.
The man at the animal shelter,
for sure
remembers he was with another man.
- Do you know who this man is?
- I'm pretty sure.
Well, if someone did a video,
then this man's got it.
You think we're being set up?
We can't have that, can we?
Now would you please tell the court what
you found on the defendant's pants?
On request of the DA's office,
we retested the defendant's clothing.
And what did you find on it?
We found small traces of blood
on the seams of his sweatpants.
We missed it the first time.
It happens.
You Honor, we were given no
prior notice of this testimony.
Judge, we only discovered
this evidence yesterday.
I'll allow it.
Don't worry, Counselor.
I'll give you time
to examine this evidence.
Did you do a DNA analysis
of the blood
that you found
on the defendant's pants?
- Yes I did.
- And what did that analysis show you?
The blood belonged to the victim.
I have no more questions,
Your Honor.
Excuse me.
Stop.
Oh shit.
Your Honor, the prosecution rests.
Are you ready to call
your first witness, Counselor?
Yes, Your Honor. The defense would
like to call Dr. Aaron Wakefield.
Go.
Stop stop.
Stop!
Excuse me. Sorry.
Hi, I need to open
my safety deposit box.
My name's Corey Finley.
Here's my ID.
Certainly, Mr. Findley.
Oh, it's actually Finley.
No D.
Oh. That would explain why
I cannot find your record.
Probably, yeah.
You know, I have a cousin
named Findley.
- You do?
- With a D.
Second cousin really.
Or is it first cousin once removed?
I can never figure that out.
You see, she's married
to my first cousin.
Do you know how
that removed thing works?
No, I don't really...
you know, if we could possibly...
Here it is.
Corey Finley no D.
Do you have your key
with you, Mr. Finley no D?
Yes, I do. I have my key.
There it is.
- Oh, good.
- Okay.
Hey.
Okay.
It's right in here.
150, 151...
2263, found it.
It's right here. It's right there.
Well, of course.
There it is.
Okay, here's my key.
Do you think that we
could speed this up?
- I'm in a bit of a rush.
- No.
Okay.
- Care for a private booth?
- No thank you.
Mr. Finley!
Oh!
Ow.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, stop.
Sorry.
And in your opinion, Dr. Wakefield,
could those wounds have been
caused by a knife other than the one
- belonging to the defendant?
- Absolutely.
Any blade of that
approximate length
or width could have
caused those wounds.
There are hundreds
of knives with blades that size.
Call your next witness, Mr. Spota.
I can't keep stalling.
Where is this surprise witness
you keep telling me about?
He'll be here any second.
You've been saying that
for the past four hours.
- He should have been here by now.
- Counselor?
Uh, Your Honor,
we're expecting the appearance
of a rebuttal witness.
Well, do you know where he is?
Uh...
no, Your Honor.
Your Honor, the defense requests
a continuance at this time
so we can examine the prosecution's
new forensic evidence.
Motion granted.
We'll meet back here at 9:00 AM
Monday morning.
Court adjourned.
Counselor, is the defense
ready to continue?
We are, Your Honor.
The defense calls CJ Nicholas.
Raise your right hand.
Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth,
the whole truth and nothing but the truth,
- so help you God?
- I do.
Be seated.
- Did you murder Doris Ruth Owens?
- I did not.
So why are you on trial here today?
'Cause I wanted to be.
What do you mean?
I deliberately implicated
myself in the crime.
- Why would you do such a thing?
- I was working on a story
about the DA's office planting
forensic evidence
in murder trials
in order to obtain guilty verdicts.
Your Honor, that is
an outrageous statement.
I felt the only way that I could uncover
evidence of corruption in the DA's office
was to implicate myself
in the crime,
to see if the DA would fabricate DNA
evidence which he now has done.
Silence.
Did you know about this?
Not until my client told me
yesterday, Your Honor.
- Is this true?
- Yes, Your Honor.
- And you have evidence to support this?
- We do.
Your Honor, I am not
even gonna begin to deal
with how insulting
and defamatory this is.
However, it is obvious that
the defense is desperate.
They're trying to create a jury nullification
so you'll call for a mistrial
because they know
they're going to lose.
You cannot allow them to present
this ridiculous defense.
The prosecution opened
the door, Your Honor,
by introducing last-minute
forensic evidence.
My client is on trial for his life.
He should be given every latitude.
You say you have evidence.
I'll give you a chance to present it.
I will not... I repeat, will not
let you simply make wild
and damaging accusations.
Understand me, Mr. Nicholas?
Oh, there will be no mistrial.
There will be a contempt of court
citation for you, Mr. Spota,
if your proof turns out
to be not proof.
- We understand, Your Honor.
- You may continue,
- although you are on a very short leash.
- Thank you, Your Honor.
Now, CJ, please tell the court
why you have done this.
I had been investigating
the DA for some time.
There had been a series of cases
in which last-minute forensic evidence,
always DNA, was introduced.
So I investigated further
and I became convinced that
the DA was planting evidence.
But why go to such
extraordinary lengths?
It was my last resort.
My editor told me to back off it.
I couldn't make my suspicions
public without proof.
- So what did you do?
- I found out the details of the case
from Detective Nickerson. Then I went out
and bought a Jack Russell terrier
and got him to bite me
on the left calf.
Then I bought the switchblade,
the pants and the sneakers.
This is a receipt for the sneakers
I'd like to mark
as Defense Exhibit A.
You can see that it is clearly dated
three days
after the murder took place.
This is a receipt for the sweatpants,
Defense Exhibit B.
Again, dated after the murder.
So if you bought the sweatpants
after the murder took place,
how did the victim's blood get on it?
The only answer
is the DA put it there.
So you're saying because the DA's case
was purely circumstantial,
he planted the evidence to tie
you to the murder scene?
Yes.
No further questions,
Your Honor.
That's it?
That's the proof
that I'm a calculating
dishonest man?
Not to mention a felon?
A couple receipts
for a pair of sweatpants?
My office and myself
is a bastion of corruption
because you bought
a pair of sweatpants
a few days after the murder.
I've got to hand it to you,
you're something else.
- And the sneakers.
- Oh, the sneakers.
I forgot about the sneakers.
Well, that seals the deal right there.
Judge, you've got to put
the cuffs on me right now.
I agree.
Do you...
and I use this word very loosely...
do you have any proof?
I made a DVD
documenting the purchases.
- Everything.
- And where is that DVD?
My colleague who shot it...
was killed in an accident
on his way to the courthouse.
And the disc was destroyed.
Well, I'm very sorry
about your colleague.
But other than you saying
that you have a DVD
that backs up your claims,
is there...
and I use this word
again lightly...
is there any proof
that that DVD exists?
I'm sorry,
I didn't hear your answer.
Answer the question,
Mr. Nicholas.
- No.
- No, you will not answer the question
or no you have no proof it exists?
No, all you have is my word.
Well, that's kind of on
shaky ground right now, isn't it?
That's not for me to say.
You know what, Mr. Nicholas?
That's the first thing
that you've said
that I agree with.
It's for the jury to decide, isn't it?
Now I have just one more question,
one little pesky question.
The fact that you bought
a pair of sneakers
and sweatpants sometime
after the murder,
the fact that you bought anything
does that mean that you couldn't
have owned a pair of sneakers
or sweatpants or bought
anything else for that matter
before the murder?
I'm sorry, I did not hear
your answer.
I guess not.
Thank you.
Despite the sensational claims
made by the defense,
CJ Nicholas was found guilty
today of first-degree murder.
It took the jury less than five hours
to return a verdict of guilty
in the murder trial of Channel 8's
CJ Nicholas.
Sentencing is next week.
DA Hunter said that the state
will seek the death penalty
due to the viciousness of the crime.
Thanks.
Thanks for coming.
What's wrong with you?
Of course I'd come.
I have a speech.
I've been rehearsing it
over and over.
God knows I've had the time.
I kinda thought I had it down,
you know?
But now my mouth's all cotton.
Okay, here it goes.
The last time I saw you,
you said that you believed in me.
You said you knew
I couldn't have done this.
Then you saw the evidence at the trial
and you said to yourself,
"I want to believe him.
I have to."
There's all this evidence.
So much.
And then the DNA evidence.
That was the last straw, wasn't it?
It was the clincher.
That's why you now think I'm a murderer.
- I don't.
- Yes you do.
And it's all right.
You don't have to lie.
I don't blame you.
I just want you to listen.
If there was ever a time
that you loved me,
if there was ever a time you thought
I was a good person,
then I want you to hear this.
What I said at the trial was true.
The DNA was planted by your boss,
just like he planted the DNA evidence
on that cigarette in the Andre Benson case.
Now I know you've never met a defendant
that didn't protest his innocence,
but I swear it's true.
Finley had the disc that proved it all.
And I think that Hunter had him killed
because the disc that Finley had
locked in his desk went missing.
I know that sounds crazy.
- I believe you.
- Listen to me.
I'm asking you not to believe me.
I'm begging you to go
and find out for yourself.
Be skeptical.
Be suspicious.
Do some digging on your own.
I know how good you are.
Please, you're my last hope.
Why would I ask you to do
any of this if I'm guilty?
Why would I ask you to find out
the truth if the truth was bad for me?
Because you have nothing left to lose.
Oh, Ella.
You're so so wrong.
I have you to lose.
Death by lethal injection...
that was the sentence
handed down by the jury
in the CJ Nicholas murder trial,
the verdict
in the penalty phase of the trial.
Nicholas, when asked
if he had anything to say,
maintained his innocence
and said that the real facts
would someday be revealed.
Nicholas was driven from the court
directly to death row
at the Louisiana State Prison
where he will live in complete
isolation for up to 20 hours a day
until his appeal process is exhausted.
This is not a happy day
for anyone.
No life is more precious than another.
Doris Ruth Owens's life
was taken from her.
We cannot bring that back.
And the young man CJ Nicholas
has forfeited his life.
There's nothing to celebrate.
Two lives are going to be lost,
one cut short, the other wasted.
And the only thing that I can say
is that the jury's verdict serves justice.
And in that way
it does serve us all.
When I started to walk away,
I couldn't look back.
I just couldn't see her wrapped
in all those newspapers
in front of the church.
I couldn't.
I knew she was safe
and warm,
that she was with God.
Still...
I couldn't look back.
Jane Doe's mother had a name,
which I can't reveal.
She had hopes
which can never be realized.
She had love...
May I ask you why you are questioning
me about Nicholas and Finley?
I'm not representing
the district attorney's office.
There's nothing official about this,
I promise.
Why are you here?
Please, it's strictly personal.
I'm asking for your help.
If anyone finds out that I was here talking
to you I could get in a lot of trouble.
Now if... and this is a big if...
if there is a story here,
you have my word it will be yours.
But again, I don't think
there's anything here at all.
What do you want to know?
Did CJ come to you about the story
of the DA planting evidence?
Yeah, he claimed that Hunter planted DNA
evidence in the Andre Benson case.
He said there were a lot
of other cases too.
But you've got to understand,
with a guy like CJ,
he always had some big story
that was just one phone call away,
one source away.
The problem was
he had hunches and very little else.
What was he basing
these hunches on?
He had a copy of the Andre Benson
interview tape.
He claimed that the cigarette
that he was smoking
on the tape turned up
at the crime scene.
Now I asked him how could you
plant evidence at a crime scene
after the crime scene photos
were taken?
- Was he doing this alone?
- No.
He dragged poor Finley into it.
- Ella.
- Bruce.
- Hi.
- Hi, how are you?
- I'm good.
- Did you bring the information?
Is that the only reason
you asked me here?
Oh, stop it.
Honestly.
- Thank you.
- What's this all about anyway?
It's about us getting in a lot
of trouble if anyone finds out.
So your lab did the DNA testing
for all 17 of these cases?
- Yes.
- Was there anything unusual about them?
- No, not really.
- Nothing?
- Well...
- Well what?
It's not something
I can put my finger on.
Put another body part on it.
What is it?
It's just that some of
the DNA samples,
they came in at the last minute.
- And that's unusual?
- Kind of. Sometimes.
How many of the 17 cases?
Most.
Oh yeah, I remember them.
How could I ever forget?
They seemed like such a nice couple.
The one with the beard
always wanted to take pictures.
And it turns out the nicer looking one
was a murderer.
And I was standing this close to him.
It gives me shivers.
I guess you can never tell, can you?
No, I guess you can't.
Hello?
Operator, I'll accept.
Ella, listen.
When Finley went home and found
the disc was missing,
he would have gone for backup.
Now think.
What's the absolutely safest place
you could keep something?
Um, maybe with somebody else.
Where does his mother live?
Both of his parents are dead.
- What about a friend?
- I was his closest friend.
Um, a bank.
A safety deposit box.
Yes.
Yes, that makes sense.
Okay, his bank was
the Pelican Bank & Trust.
Oh yes, I remember him vividly.
He was in a terrible hurry.
No D in his name,
unlike my second
cousin or whatever he is.
Rush rush rush.
He simply took something
out of his safe deposit box
and literally ran out of here.
No private cubicle,
nothing.
He didn't even take his key.
I've never seen anything
quite like it.
Did you see what he removed
from the box?
Oh, we're not allowed to do that.
Our customers are guaranteed
complete privacy.
I appreciate that, Ms. Urlanger.
Miss Urlanger.
Never quite liked Ms.
Sounds like a beehive.
Um, you said he reached for
the box right in front of you.
It's possible that you saw
what he removed
because you couldn't avoid it,
isn't it?
Well, now that you mention it,
maybe I kind of saw something.
A plastic thingy
with something shiny inside.
- A computer disc maybe?
- Maybe.
The till is directly linked
to my inventory.
When I scan the barcode
it logs the product
and the manufacturer's number.
Right, so you can match any receipt
with an item that's been purchased?
Yup, as long as it has
the manufacturer's label.
But I already told you guys this.
You spoke to someone
from my office?
- Yeah.
- Do you remember who?
Yes, he said he was the DA.
- Hi.
I called about seeing the Nicholas
case evidence box.
Right, you're from the DA's office.
- Yeah, I have a case number.
- That's okay. I already pulled it for you.
- Oh, thank you.
- Uh-huh.
Great, thanks.
Ella?
What are you doing here so late?
I was just looking at the...
the original police file
on the Belmont case.
I'm not familiar with that case.
It's a carjacking.
We brought him in two days ago.
- You know Lieutenant Merchant.
- Yes, hi.
- You keep late hours.
- So do you.
I hope you're not letting your personal
life interfere with your work.
What?
You look tired.
You should get some rest.
Yeah, I was actually
just on my way home.
If you don't get any rest,
you can come down with something.
And health is the most
important thing we have.
Absolutely.
- Good night, Ella.
- Good night, sir.
Let me ask you something.
If you had to run back to
your safety deposit box
to get your backup disc,
wouldn't that mean that there's
an original disc missing?
And would it be missing?
I mean, that's just not the kind
of thing that disappears, right?
Maybe you lose your cell phone
or your keys or something,
but definitely not
the single most important piece
of evidence in your entire life.
Are you listening to me?
Look, I've been thinking
over and over.
When I showed the tape to Weldon
of Merchant giving that
cigarette to Andre Benson,
Weldon said,
"How could that mean anything
since the tape was made three days after
the crime scene photographs were taken?"
But what if the crime photos
were doctored?
What if they altered
the photo somehow?
What if they put the cigarette
butt in after the photo was taken?
Shit.
I am not good at this.
Look, it's okay.
I understand.
I'm your intern,
you're an assistant DA.
You don't ask interns to lunch
unless you want something.
So just ask me.
Listen, you know your partner?
Roberta?
You remember her?
Yeah, I remember
she's getting her PhD
in computer science
from the university, right?
- You do remember.
- Well, it's kind of delicate,
but I need to speak
to an expert in digital imagery.
- You mean digital forensics?
- Yes, exactly.
Well, she can help you.
If she doesn't have the answers for you
she knows the people who do.
Great. Can you arrange a meeting
between the two of us?
- Of course. When?
- Tonight?
- It's kind of a secret.
A secret is good.
I like secrets.
I mean, absolutely no one at the DA's
office can know about this.
Absolutely no one.
It cannot go through the regular channels.
I'll set it up for tonight.
Danielle, there could
be danger here.
Danger?
Hi.
What can I do for you this
evening, Miss Crystal?
I'm really sorry
to bother you, Sergeant,
especially after hours.
It's just I am overwhelmed
with casework and...
I haven't even been able
to start my report for DA Hunter.
He's gonna have my ass tomorrow if...
Am I supposed to be following you
on all of this?
Oh, sorry.
I get kind of wound up
when I'm nervous.
We're doing an in-house study
on how crime scene evidence,
specifically photos,
are archived
by both the state
and local police departments...
if there's anything we can do
to improve that system,
you know, keep the bad guys in prison.
Which brings me back
to my first question:
Is there anything I can do for you
this evening, Miss Crystal?
Yes. Would you please show me
how and where the digital images
are downloaded from
the photographers' CF cards?
How safe are they? Oh, and also,
are they JPEG compressed files
or are they uncompressed? I want to
compare that to the sheriff's office.
If you look down there, there's a big old
double-bolted metal door.
Now all the physical
evidence is stored in there
along with the hard drives.
And only the evidence sergeant
has the combination to the lock.
As far as images go,
I don't know if they're J-whatever-
you-said or not.
They're all stored on a server.
And you can't access to it without
somebody with a passcode.
And there ain't too many somebodies
with a passcode.
And you might be one
of those somebodies?
No doubt.
Can you show them to me?
Please?
You got a case number?
Me? No.
Anything is fine.
Let's see.
How about 11151?
That's from...
May 21, 2006.
Sure, that's fine.
Evidence Sergeant Gilbert.
This is Colletti from Major Crime.
We need the skirt and blouse
from case 18446.
We need to do a DNA match
with the perp we've got in custody.
We might have just caught ourselves
a serial rapist.
I need to know if you have it.
You want me to go
get it right now?
No, I want you tell my captain
he'll get it tomorrow instead.
All right, hang on.
Goddamn son of a bitch.
It's like goddamn
rush hour around here.
Goddamn son of a bitch.
I'm on a circus train
that's full of midgets.
Goddamn son of a bitch.
Everything has got to be right now.
I've got your goddamn
right now right here.
Okay.
Okay, come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on.
Damn it.
Son of a bitch clown crap.
Everything's right now.
God damn it.
If I wanted to talk to people
I would have stayed in vice.
Right now, right now, right now.
Goddamn everything's got to be
goddamn right now.
Son of a bitch.
No, we ain't got it down here.
Are you sure?
Case 18446, you don't have it?
I'm sure 'cause ain't nobody
logged it in neither.
They must have
got the number wrong.
I'm in some major shit here.
I'll call you back.
Yeah, you do that.
Ow!
So how you doing, ace?
What's this all about?
- Guard!
- Easy easy.
Just want to see how you're getting on.
Is the food okay?
They taking care of you?
You know, sometimes it gets kinda
lonely in here.
Why don't you just cut the bullshit?
You want something. What is it?
Can't a guy even come by
and see how you're doing?
- What the hell do you want?
- World peace. What do you want?
I want everyone to know
what a scumbag you really are.
- Oh, me?
- Yeah, you.
No.
No, I put away the bad guys.
You planted the evidence.
You do know they monitor
the phones here, don't you?
You take care, ace.
You son of a bitch!
Hi. Come on in here.
Ella?
- You must be Roberta.
- Yeah.
You and Danielle may
turn out to be lifesavers.
I mean literal lifesavers.
I can't thank you enough.
Do you have it? I want to see it.
She has it, right?
Ella, this is Dell and Allen.
They're both post-doctorates here.
Sociability is not their strong suit.
- Say hello to Ella.
- Hello.
- Do you have it?
- Here you go, fellas.
They're not used to actually speaking
to other vertebrates,
- so be patient.
- Right.
Uh, the second one there.
- Are these real dead people?
- I'm afraid so.
These are great.
Can I make a copy?
No, Allen.
That would be against the law.
I'm Dell.
He's Allen.
Sorry, Dell.
Can you open this photograph right here?
All right,
here's what I'm looking for.
You see this cigarette right here?
I need to know if you think it's possible
that this cigarette was added after the fact.
They're uncompressed.
24 megs, that's good.
- Why's that good?
- The more resolution the more metadata.
- Metadata?
- She doesn't know what metadata is.
She knows lots of stuff
that you don't know.
Metadata is literally
data about data.
Digital images are comprised of pixels.
That's the data.
If you look closer you find
that there's metadata
around the pixels.
Watch. Look over here.
- See the patterns?
- Uh-huh.
Tell her about what Lukas and Fridrich
and Goljan found.
Tell her about the statistic
characteristics of imaging sensors.
Shut up.
Three researchers at Binghamton
found that cameras
have a pattern noise
and if you look closely enough
you can find that there is a difference
in the pattern noise
of the algorithm of each camera
even though they're mass manufactured.
There's a subtle difference
in each one.
It's actually like
a digital fingerprint.
So let's look at the pattern
on this part of the image.
- See it?
- Uh-huh.
Now let's move over to the cigarette
and see that pattern.
It's different.
Can you see it?
That cigarette was definitely not
part of the original photograph.
Oh my God.
Shit.
What was it?
Two, three, four.
Four orange.
Orange orange.
Where is it?
Ah.
Oh!
You all right?
- How'd you know?
- I was following him following you.
Never liked that son of a bitch.
I knew he was up to something
so I followed him.
I don't know what else
to say but thank you.
It's what I do.
We ain't all like him.
I know.
I've got to call this in.
It's gonna be a shitstorm.
He's not the only part.
This storm's bigger than you think.
We could be talking Katrina here.
In an incredible turn of events,
District Attorney Mark Hunter
was arrested
and charged with the falsifying
of evidence
in the murder trial of Andre Benson
causing a mistrial in that case
and 17 others,
including the trial of Channel 8 reporter
CJ Nicholas.
Hunter was taken to the county jail
and booked this afternoon.
Bail is pending.
Harold Rice, who is now
the acting district attorney,
said that his office has to
review the Nicholas trial
along with the others
because all DNA evidence
in these trials is now suspect.
Rice said that he has serious doubts
that there was enough
evidence to retry Nicholas
as the case was circumstantial
and not that strong
without the DNA evidence.
As a result, he saw no reason
to keep him in prison.
News 8's Kelly Gertner reports.
The scene was a madhouse today
outside Louisiana State Prison
as CJ Nicholas went from death row
to freedom
in a matter of hours.
As his taxi sped away
from the prison
one could not escape being
struck by three things...
the rise and spectacular fall
of Mark Hunter
who before this afternoon
was destined
to be our next governor
and is now in jail;
the fall and now
possibly spectacular rise
of CJ Nicholas who before this
afternoon was facing execution
and is now free and about
to become a national celebrity;
Doris Ruth Owens...
the young woman
found dead in the park
shown here when she was arrested
for prostitution...
her case is now open again
and will likely remain unsolved.
She will become one
of those statistics,
an unsolved case involving
a relatively unknown young woman.
She was so little.
...felt her grow
you know, cold.
Hey.
You don't have to watch
that thing again.
Turn it off and come back
to bed with me.
I'm so dumb.
I didn't believe you about Hunter.
You were right all along.
I'm so dumb.
Don't torture yourself.
You were the greatest.
You saved me.
Why are you dressed?
She was blackmailing you,
wasn't she?
What?
You know, sometimes you hear
an alarm bell go off in your head.
You don't know what it is
or why it's there.
It's like a radio station
you just can't quite get.
What are you talking about?
I've got to hand it to you.
This was a brilliant plan.
And then I saw this photo.
Bingo, there it is.
That hand.
I mean, who could
really forget that hand?
That's Taieesha's hand.
Taieesha didn't die of an overdose.
There was no Taieesha.
Doris Ruth Owens
was the girl you hired
from Buffalo to be Taieesha.
Your award-winning documentary
was a complete phony.
- Ella...
- She was blackmailing you, wasn't she?
She followed you up here from Buffalo
and she was blackmailing you.
She was going to expose the fact that
your precious career was a total lie.
So you had to stop her.
I love you and you love me.
Everything was a lie.
Your entire career was a lie.
You killed Doris Ruth Owens
because she was threatening
to expose your lie.
You are a lie.
How can I love a lie?
What was I supposed to do?
Just let her bleed me to death?
Ruin my whole life?
What choice did I have?
You tell me.
You're worth more than her?
Just like that?
No. No, it's not like that.
You don't have to do this.
Look, Hunter put 17 people in prison
for crimes they may not have committed.
Are you telling me that she's worth
more than all those people?
She's worth more
than the whole system?
It was a brilliant plan.
You commit the perfect murder,
you expose Hunter,
you win whatever awards you want to,
you get to become a star.
And after you're acquitted they can't try
you again because of double jeopardy.
We can go so far together.
There's just one
little glitch in your plan.
You weren't acquitted.
They declared a mistrial.
So once they make the connection
between you and Owens
they'll have enough
evidence to convict you.
- This doesn't have to happen.
- Oh, yes it does.
Why?
Because it's too late.
Ella, what have you done?
What have you done!?
I really don't have anything more
to say to you.
You know, I just thought
of one more thing:
Fuck you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org